>> Kyle Simpson: All right,
let's try an exercise to practice
these list operations, actually,
data structure operations, but these
list operations map, reduce, and filter.
And actually this exercise is going to
include some other review of functional
programming concepts that we've been
learning up to this point in the course.
So we're going to get a chance to bring in
several different things like closure and
recursion and other things.
All right, so the set up of this exercise
is really important because if you look
at the exercise file,
it's basically empty.
I haven't provided you anything because
the instructions are very explicit on what
you wanna do.
And unlike many times where I know
the temptation is to sort of skip to
the good parts [LAUGH] of some exercise.
It's really important that you follow
each of these steps in order because
they're taking you through a derivation
of problems that you need to bring in
different concepts from our course so
far to solve.
So starting with one, two, three and
four those are fairly straightforward.
Item five on this list is where you're
gonna spend most of your time on this
exercise.
You're gonna be writing an addn
utility that uses functions
that you've created in
items one through four.
But this addn utility you gonna
implement it potentially multiple times.
At a minimum, you need at least
one working implementation.
And you can implement it with a looping
construct, like a for loop or
a while loop.
You could implement it
a second time using recursion.
We talked about that a little
bit earlier in the course.
You could use recursion to implement this.
And still, a third time, and
this is really the important one for
this particular exercise, you can
use a functional helper like reduce.
So at a minimum, I want you to implement
it at least one time, try your hand at
maybe two or three times and definitely
at least try it with the reduce.
So you'll spend a pretty good significant
chunk of time trying to get the addn
function to work there.
Another little hint, it's not here in the
read me, but I just wanna point this out.
What you're gonna be doing is
dealing with functions all-over, and
that shouldn't be surprising,
this is a functional programming course.
But there's a temptation to want to
eagerly reduce everything back to
concrete values.
And the temptation to eagerly reduce these
partial sums back to concrete values is
gonna lead you into a much more awkward,
and less performing solution here.
So think about what we've talked about so
far in this course.
The idea of deferring work by having
things wrapped up in functions.
The deferral of work till the end
is actually the clue of how to get
a much better solution
to the addn problem.
And that's true regardless of which
of the three implementations that you
choose, okay?
So just keep that in mind,
the idea of deferring work,
deferring the addn until a later time.
Keep everything at the function realm and
the solution will end up a lot easier.
But that's not the end of the exercise.
They're still items six,
seven and eight to go through.
That's where you're going to, again,
get more practice with our list operations
like our filter our map and our reduce.
Okay, so you should allow a pretty good
chunk of time to work on this exercise.
It is challenging.
It is bringing in not only the concepts
from this unit of discussion, but
also many of the things that
we've covered up unto this point.
And so
you really want to take your time and
make sure you're getting
all of those pieces right.
Take definitely a good chunk of
time to work on this exercise.